track WT_CM
bigDataUrl WT-CM_polyA.bb
shortLabel WT-CM
longLabel WT-CM
type bigBed
visibility dense
track WT_MM
bigDataUrl WT-MM_polyA.bb
shortLabel WT-MM
longLabel WT-MM
type bigBed
visibility dense
track WT_MM-N
bigDataUrl WT-MM-N_polyA.bb
shortLabel WT-MM-N
longLabel WT-MM-N
type bigBed
visibility dense
track WT_MM-C
bigDataUrl WT-MM-C_polyA.bb
shortLabel WT-MM-C
longLabel WT-MM-C
type bigBed
visibility dense
track delta-rbp35_CM
bigDataUrl 2D4-CM_polyA.bb
shortLabel delta-rbp35-CM
longLabel delta-rbp35-CM
type bigBed
visibility dense
track delta-rbp35_MM
bigDataUrl 2D4-MM_polyA.bb
shortLabel delta-rbp35-MM
longLabel delta-rbp35-MM
type bigBed
visibility dense
track delta-rbp35_MM-N
bigDataUrl 2D4-MM-N_polyA.bb
shortLabel delta-rbp35-MM-N
longLabel delta-rbp35-MM-N
type bigBed
visibility dense
track delta-rbp35_MM-C
bigDataUrl 2D4-MM-C_polyA.bb
shortLabel delta-rbp35-MM-C
longLabel delta-rbp35-MM-C
type bigBed
visibility dense





